Testing 1, 2.
Tes... Test 1, 2.
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Lying!
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
He's quick.
He's blowing.
Alright, race him.
Come on, race him.
Oh, they're doing a football now.
Testing 1, 2.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you or your family fell for the Health Freedom Movement, GigaOM can help.
Welcome.
Thanks so much for being here.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Good to see you guys.
The End
It's smooth sailing all summer long with clever solutions that are here when you need them.
We've partnered with vendors for at least half off, so get shopping at viewyourdeal.com right now.
is whittled down.
Hello!
So, yesterday, welcome back.
Yesterday, U.S.
Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
announced he's firing all the members of the CDC's Vaccine Advisory Committee.
He says he's doing it to restore public trust in vaccines.
But I kind of feel like he might have been one of the loudest voices.
They're calling him vaccine skeptics.
Okay, uh, what what what is what's going on here?
I mean these these folks can't They can make better money elsewhere.
They're doing this.
My question is why does this guy love measles so much?
Yeah, most guys his age starts with me.
He's probably vaccinated.
So he's also All of his children have been vaccinated.
He said
He has vaccinated his children.
But your children, too bad about them.
That's the hypocrisy of it.
And if you think about it, he's saying it's not going to degrade the federal government as a trusted source on vaccines.
That's simply not true.
But I think people need to, again, look at the big picture here.
What is going to happen is,
People are going to, um, millions of people can lose access to vaccines now because you will have to pay for them if they're not recommended.
Um, and, and children will be at greater risk of diseases we haven't faced in decades.
As of last year, mostly unvaccinated children, 241 have died of flu related illnesses, the most for a non-pandemic.
This highlights why the Senate confirmation hearing is so important.
Senator Cassidy, who's a medical doctor, was skeptical of RFK and then eventually ended up voting for him, but said Kennedy promised him, quote, he would maintain the CDC's advisory committee on immunization practices without changes.
So he lied.
So that was a lie.
And what Sonny is saying is so important, because some people say, as long as he's not taking away my vaccines.
The problem is, if this is not the recommendation, the insurance companies won't pay for them.
So it becomes a problem where you're going to see a lot of these breakouts that aren't just by people choosing to be unvaccinated.
An average person is not a doctor.
We're not doctors.
We need help in making these decisions from experts.
But my frustration with RFP8, well, is manyfold.
But it's what his supporters told me, because if you care about additives in your food and all these processed things, you have to support him, as if there's no medical doctor who is better equipped to be able to make those recommendations.
And then on the issue of vaccines, the issue on the right was always, well, I want to be able to make my own choice.
But by removing this panel and potential research and development to other vaccines, you're taking the choice away from those of us who do want to get vaccinated.
You're potentially taking research and science away from us that we want access to.
So it's completely contradictory.
Well, it's all about taking your choices away.
It's about, we're going to tell you what you can do with you and your family.
We want to be in charge, except, of course, when we don't want to be.
And we're going to leave it up to the states, except when we don't like it.
Well, you know what they don't like right now?
You see how they're rolling their eyes at me?
They want me to go to break.
Well, we'll be right back.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know?
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
There are no ethics.
There are no ethical boundaries to what they will do.
It is all about the utilitarian means justify the ends.
And you have to, for many of us, it's shocking.
You cannot conceive of a world in which there are no ethical boundaries.
You can't conceive of warfare in which there's no guardrails.
There's no consensus about the rules of engagement.
But that's what we're in right now.
You have to completely park any idea of justice, right and wrong, all that is obsolete in this battlefield environment.
And you have to, for many of us, it's shocking.
You cannot conceive of a world in which there are no ethical boundaries.
You can't conceive of warfare in which there's no guardrails.
There's no consensus about the rules of engagement.
But that's what we're in right now.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
It's entirely possible.
What time is it?
Game time!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen from Pittsburgh.
Somebody who's buried deep in the internet, giga home biological, high resistance, low noise.
Information stream brought to you by a biologist with some stuff in his throat.
A social media is a military weapon.
It is the national security theater.
You can't change the script.
You just gotta stop watching.
I know that sounds kind of dark, but that's the way it is because Autism Spectrum Disorder is a myth.
Used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
Ladies and gentlemen, they've done the same thing with pandemics and gain-of-function, flipping us from red to blue and red to blue about all of these things.
They're not talking about you.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, you are already enslaved by it.
I was.
I know definitely that I was.
I thought I was part of a mystery-solving team on Twitter that was going to save the world once we figured out that it was a lab leak.
And yeah, along the way, I met somebody by the name of Mark Kulak out of Boston, Massachusetts, Usatonic Live, great archive, very nice live streamer.
Welcome back from vacation.
I hope you start producing regularly again.
Ladies and gentlemen, again, this is GigaOM Biological, the biology they ignore.
If you want to follow this live, go to stream.gigaom.bio and use that URL on the PeerTube app and you will be
You will be rocking.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Joe Marshall.
Why do I keep saying ladies and gentlemen over and over again?
How often do I do that?
Maybe I should pay a little more attention.
Yes, Howard the Duck, you made it to a live stream.
Interesting name, Howard the Duck.
You know, there used to be a tune that I danced to when I was a kid called Disco Duck.
I wonder how many people remember that song.
That 45 got a lot of playing time when I was a kid, as far as I remember.
Um, anyway, uh, good to be here.
Very, very good to be here.
Good to see everybody.
Good to see you in the chat, Jeffrey.
Um,
Yeah, biology is the way.
I don't really know how to say it any better than that.
I am really excited to be here.
I do know that we need to show our children the truth.
It's going to be hard because, you know, they like social media.
They like being there.
They like being seen.
But it's not the right way to go about our business.
And so we need to teach that.
Oh, we need to teach that to our kids.
We need to definitely show our children the truth that the social media that they're using is actually a military weapon.
And we need to stay focused on the biology like this eagle.
See him there?
Focus.
I want you to keep very close eyes on that focus.
Do you see the focus?
Yes, staying focused on the biology is tough.
And you might say that I'm not staying focused on the biology, but actually, I'm always focused on it.
You know that I start my stream staying focused on the biology.
But, you know, there's a lot of stuff... Don't forget to stay focused!
There's a lot of stuff there to pay attention to and a lot of obfuscating going on.
And the trouble is... Wow, that was too quick.
I couldn't stay focused for that one.
Yeah.
We've been had.
It's an elaborate con, ladies and gentlemen.
That's the craziest part about it.
I do really think I've nailed it with regard to starting to speak about this as a sort of sitcom.
If you've been watching some kind of sci-fi show, maybe you like Star Trek.
Maybe you like The Expanse.
The Expanse was a more recent sci-fi outing.
Dabbling.
I don't know who actually made that.
I don't need that guy.
They're just me Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
It's 557 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Coming to you live from the back of my garage If there is a sunset gonna happen back there I'm not sure I have the blinds open right for you to be able to see it.
But welcome to the show.
Thanks for being here unlike
what it might be if you tried to tweet at the set or tweet at the cast of Star Trek to try and change something or to try and save someone.
We have been engaged in a very elaborate long con where we thought by tweeting the right thing or posting the right thing on Facebook or sharing the right video we would be part of a
what everybody told us was a health freedom movement that was really getting the word out about the COVID shots or about the lockdowns or about the silliness of masks.
This was repeated over and over again, much like a hamster wheel repeats over and over again.
And after a very many years of trying to figure out how to get the wheel to roll in a different direction, I
very reluctantly became aware of the fact that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Jayanta Bhattacharya and Marty Makary and all these other people that I thought were legitimate alternatives to the mainstream terrible idea that pandemics are real and lockdowns work and masks are appropriate sometimes and this kind of thing, that
other absurd side of things made it possible for people to consider another absurd side.
And the other absurd side was this anti-vax movement headed by ICAN and Children's Health Defense with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as kind of a front man, but lots of people behind the scenes.
Some people with, you know, really card-carrying autistic kids, you know.
I got a real one.
And they would play that trump card quite regularly, excuse the current pun, on anybody that was coming at them with regard to information or for maybe a counterpoint or something like that.
And a combination of playing the victim and not actually saying what needs to be said, the anti-vax movement has essentially been set up as a trap.
And conservative America and a lot of conservatives around the world that are actively using social media, especially with regard to the pandemic, find themselves, wittingly or unwittingly, trapped by these people and these ideas.
And some of them are as simple as, we don't want mandates.
And you can see already in the video that I shared at the beginning of the stream, that it's very easy to turn that around.
And indeed they are already doing in that and have been doing it for a long time.
So this this Trap that you're in is really actually more terrifying than I thought it was maybe even a year ago because The extent to which the two sides are unaware of what the other side thinks is actually kind of extraordinary Especially in my humble opinion from the perspective of the conservatives in America I
Could I just get somebody to tell me that I'm in sync here?
Because yesterday, somehow, I was incredibly out of sync for the first 45 minutes of the show.
And so, if I am really out of sync right now, I'll probably start again.
But if not, or it's only a little bit, I'm gonna... A 5x5 says, Howard the Duck, thank you very much.
So, again, I'm sorry I'm sitting here kind of in a weird outfit because I've got my shorts on from the gym, so it kind of feels strange if I move my legs around.
I'm going to kind of show you my legs there, I apologize.
We are at a crucial moment in our collective history, I think, and the reason why is because we can explain why social media is dangerous, because what they can do
like a set of a Star Trek bridge, you know the Star Trek Enterprises bridge here, they can put a bunch of people in those chairs, get a bunch of those people to enact a very impressive and very engaging script and unlike Star Trek where you'd have to be a pretty committed fan to start trying to text the cast
and try and change the story.
But if what you're actually looking at on social media is what you think is an accurate representation of a mystery-solving exercise on social media about whether or not masks are necessary or whether or not the Omicron variant is real or not, those kinds of things
on social media are exactly like watching a Star Trek episode and trying to text, tweet, or post something that will change the script.
And that is the danger of social media because they can use that same illusion on heads of state, on people in the bureaucracy, on working men and women, and they can use it on children.
And it's not just to sell stuff.
This is to change the fundamental way that people think of themselves, the responsibilities they have to themselves, the responsibilities they have to their children, and the responsibilities that they may or may not have to their community and their society and their country and their globe.
And this magic trick that's happening on social media is being obfuscated by the idea that it's algorithms or it's AI or it's fake videos.
No, it's fake people on scripts.
Those are the most dangerous things on the internet right now.
It has nothing to do with AI videos.
It has nothing to do with even AI anything.
It has to do with specifically programming certain people to appear to have spontaneously risen.
And yes, they honed this before the pandemic with mundane subjects and mundane creators and mundane examples of artificially making someone popular.
And once they had it working on Etsy, once they had it working with knitting or machining or, you know, crazy videos,
Now they have the basic tool set to make the Rubin Report rise, or make a certain number of people watch Bret Weinstein and his wife, or make a certain number of people who watch the PBS NewsHour also happen to catch Sam Seder on the backside, or catch, I don't know, Luke Beasley or something like that.
And these programming tricks are real and they're not AI and they're not shoulder shrugging.
I don't know how that happened.
This is very carefully done because none of these things are left to chance.
This is a national security operation.
Potentially the entire public health of the globe was at stake.
So I assure you, whatever censorship that you saw was part of a theater.
whatever correction of the censorship is still part of the theater, the real censorship will never be acknowledged.
Because the real censorship is the kind of censorship that they did to me for five years, where no matter how often I made a stream, no matter how good I got at it, even if it's the best show on the entire internet, I've never gotten above 3,200 followers on Twitch.
And on Twitch there are people getting thousands of live views a day.
And so we know the viewers are there, we know the algorithm could serve me, but they don't.
And they don't on purpose.
And that's as easy as that.
If you look at my, or Mark's, or Joe's sort of
performance on YouTube, you will see that at the beginning of our channels, there's kind of what looks like an organic growth.
And then suddenly it's just noise.
Add two subscribers, subtract six, add four, subtract two, add four, subtract six, you know, and it's all day long, up and down, up and down, up and down for years.
But the first two or three months, I just grew.
And then after that, nothing.
And that's the real programming that's going on here that also leads to this, you know, thousands of followers on Substack, thousands of YouTube subscribers, thousands of locals, thousands of Patreons.
How many of those accounts are real?
How many of those are redundant?
How many of those are just straight up money laundering?
We don't really even know.
And these same people can be militarized, represented in hundreds of signal chats, potentially hundreds of telegram groups.
And you think you're in this very special group called the Mystery Solvers.
And in that group is, you know, Paul Merrick and Pierre Kory.
And so it's really special.
And just the other day, you know who joined?
It was Ryan Cole.
And so now I'm in a group with like a hundred other people, and it's Ryan Cole, Pierre, Corey, and they respond every once in a while.
Sometimes they even address my questions.
It's so cool.
And so just let your imagination run wild as to if they put a room full of crafty teenagers in a room with Ryan Cole's accounts, what they could do, how many places he could be at once, and how many people could be fooled into thinking that, wow, I'm one of the lucky ones that gets private messages on Instagram from Peter McCullough.
That's pretty kick-ass.
He gave it a thumbs up.
You got to stop trying to change the script on the Star Trek set.
You got to stop trying to change what the science officer says, because science officer McCullough is always going to say what the script says.
Science officer Corey is always going to say what the script says.
And, you know, Captain Robert Malone is just going to come in that door, and he's going to go back out the door.
And that's just the way it is, because that's how this script goes.
Ladies and gentlemen, I hope that you have already tried to download the PeerTube app and I hope you've already found out how wonderful it is.
Maybe you're already watching.
And the only reason, I mean the only reason not to watch on PeerTube is because maybe you really feel good about being in this chat, which I can
bring in like this, I can bring the chat in, you know, so, you know, TaxiCube, Fletch, you know, I see you guys there.
Sync is super good.
That's really great.
But, you know, I read the chat.
It's fine.
And we are going to get there eventually.
I do think that the PeerTube app is eventually going to have
the chat in it.
Whoops, lost my mouse there for a second.
So I'm very excited about it.
I'm very happy that it works so well.
And I do really think this is the way forward.
This is how you don't have to look up on YouTube, Rumble, Twitch, anywhere.
It'll be on your phone with no ads, no logins, nothing.
It's really, it's really magnificent.
Anybody that's tried it has said that it's just heads and shoulders above the
above the website.
The website for me was always, you know, hit and miss and it would stall out, you have to reload it.
The only thing that the website has that the, you know, maybe you might like is that it does kind of put a cookie in and remember where you were.
So if you come back to a video, it remembers that, you know, where you were when you last watched it.
But with regard to the
The app not doing that.
I don't know that that's that big of a deal.
I mean, you know, you can kind of scroll forward pretty easy.
So ladies and gentlemen, this is for all the marbles.
This last six years of nonsense has obfuscated the fact that it's basically manslaughter and lies.
Um, that might say murder there, but maybe manslaughter manslaughter.
Um, yeah, maybe manslaughter is a better word, but you know,
Let's get the point across here.
People were killed and they lied to us about it.
And more importantly, people that were already kind of expected to die anyway, died.
And so a lot of these national security people don't really give a shit because they see themselves governing a pretty big farm.
And so if some animals die, that's just an average year.
You know, three million Americans die every year.
That's the average year.
And if this year they pushed a few numbers higher, nobody at the controls, nobody in the control tower thinks that's that big of a deal, especially with regard to, you know, governing what's happening with America right now, because I don't want to be one of those people, but there is a debt.
And that debt is mathematically increasing.
And it has been doing that for quite some time.
And people have been telling us about that for quite some time.
And so my guess is that this math can't go on into infinity.
And my guess is, is that they have some plan for some kind of financial reset that maybe the Amaro
maybe a North American currency, you know, because Canada sucks too.
I don't really know what their plan is, but I do know for sure it's for all the marbles.
And I do know for sure that they're going to try and make the ground under us so unstable that we won't be able to keep up with the biology anymore.
We won't help it, but take their bait on social media.
And we won't be able to keep our children out of it.
And so it's very serious right now.
We need to get very serious about number one, first and foremost, I don't know how to say it any other way, you need to share this stream or anything that you know that's better.
And you need to share it with young people.
Young people who are mature enough to hear the word shithead and not cringe.
and old enough and mature enough to understand that they are about to be adults and they're going to be surrounded by other adults.
And if they have their wits about them, they could actually turn this situation to their advantage.
You could be one of the people that can see in a world full of blind people.
And your kids could be that too.
It's not just the biology.
It is very, very much important to see that it's actually seeing through social media, how it's used against you and then disengaging.
And if we could get a generation of high school kids to start building peer tubes and start building soapbox instances for their high schools or for their class or for, I mean, that is the way forward.
I'm sure of it.
The way forward is not to fight for more free speech somewhere inside of their corporal social media because that's ridiculous.
That's like arguing that some prisoners inside of a maximum security prison are free and others are not.
There is a very succinct way to explain it to anyone you love, to challenge anyone you love, to really start to think about what's going on here.
We are not saying that vaccines are bad.
We are not saying that vaccines cause autism.
We are not saying anything remotely close to that.
What we are saying is intramuscular injection of any combination of substances originates, that idea originates in the late 1800s.
And that might be a very good reason to reconsider its value.
It might be a very dumb idea that nobody ever really questioned.
And now we're here.
That is possible.
And if that's true, then many of the subcutaneous and cutaneous vaccinations, the oral vaccinations may have in fact changed the biology of their recipients in a less toxic, maybe even semi-useful way with regard to some environmental signal.
Imagine the possibility that the measles vaccine actually works.
that subcutaneous injection almost cannot cause immune dysregulation, but intramuscular injection can.
Now imagine a scenario where you wanted to make sure that a huge population of people never figured that out.
Well, how about set up an anti-vax movement that said that we don't want any mandates?
How about setting up an anti-vax movement that says that we want to build a big top tent of health freedom?
How about we set up an anti-vax movement that focuses on individual untested adjuvants or claims that vaccines haven't been tested against placebos instead of talking about the biological ridiculousness
of injecting intramuscularly and then being nuanced about it.
Transfection is an old technology that they renamed during the pandemic.
And that's the best way to say it.
hat tip to regular guy on YouTube for that because that's really the way it is.
They've taken a bunch of old technologies and renamed them and, and been very sort of ambiguous about it with regard to, you know, their gene therapies or gene technologies or something like that.
These are, you know, and then arguing about whether or not if they called it gene technology, that FDA would regulate it differently.
No, no, no.
The most important thing to understand is that the FDA would treat it very differently if they admitted that it was old technology.
Once you see how much importance, how much at the center of this is the intellectual property, talking about profits and talking about pharmaceutical companies and saying that they want to make money without admitting that they're making money and money in the future off of the profits.
I mean, sorry, the patents that they have.
never talking about the fact that the value of the antibody patents that all of these companies had greatly dropped after the antibody patent paradox and the decision that happened in 2021 or 22.
And so there was a lot of shuffling around and behind the scenes, and it's very dumb simple to say that pharmaceutical companies want to make a lot of money.
Pharmaceutical companies want IP.
And so it's interesting that none of these people in the background, none of these people on either side, none of them ever really talk with very much precision about the intellectual property and how it grew or didn't grow or how it became real or not, or how it skipped evaluation or not, or how it just became accepted as a gold standard without ever being evaluated.
For example, like, I don't know, the PCR testing that we're using.
that all of these dissident doctors on the right that pretended to be part of this, you know, health freedom movement have never questioned.
Extraordinarily never questioned.
Pierre Corey, you know, Mary Talley Bowden, Peter McCullough,
None of these people are able to explain to you that using PCR as a diagnostic on an infinitesimally, irreducibly complex background of bacteriophage signals and bacteria and noise is ridiculous.
After six years, they still can't say it.
And the only thing we can really say is that, you know, Carey Mullis told us.
But think about how sad that is.
We have thousands of highly trained biologists in America alone and somehow or another I haven't found one?
Not one has been able to get far enough to say that, oh yeah, it's just transfection, they renamed it.
Oh yeah, I never, yeah, RNA cannot pandemic.
That makes perfect sense.
You can hear Sukrit Bhakti say it out loud, and then you can drop your mouth to the floor when Sukrit Bhakti says, well, now that we understand that, why would we keep talking about it?
You know, as long as we all know that that's true, why would we talk about it anymore?
We might as well stop talking about it.
These people are malevolent players.
They are scripted players.
I think Sukrit Bhakti could have been warned that this is what he needed to do, or we're going to put you back in jail.
The most beautiful thing that I've been managed to say in the last few weeks is that autism is a meaningless word by design.
I think that saying this right now is what 2013 Brian Hooker would have said.
And instead now, Brian Hooker has a book, is doing well as part of CHD, behind Bobby Kennedy.
lured all these people into the health freedom movement and kept them there.
I guess to get Bobby close to the White House.
I guess to get Bobby where he is now, where we have a universal flu vaccine in the works.
I guess to get, I don't know, Jayanta Bhattacharya at the head of NIH so he could get a good podcast every week.
Brian Hooker is a scripted failure because in 2013, he was exactly where I am now.
Where he didn't use the word autism, he didn't like the word autism, his son was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
And so saying that vaccines cause autism is exactly the trap.
And I know for sure because I was in it.
I got the scars, the handshakes, and the selfies to show you that these people are frauds.
Because I tried to give them this.
I thought that joining them, I would help them to finally get where they didn't quite ever get before.
And then it slowly and painfully became obvious that there was a reason why Sherry Tenpenny and James Lyons Weiler and Suzanne Humphreys, they all didn't progress.
Not even a little bit.
In all the decades, you know, all the thousands of hours, all the papers, you know, obsession for 25 years because God told them to do it.
They never got here.
They never got here because they were on a script.
And that's why none of these people have been able to take a little, you know, some pictures like this and explain to you how, if there was a background of green and purple,
And they knew did not have any reason to care about it because doctors didn't test for the green and the purple.
Doctors didn't even have a PCR test to test for the green and the purple before the pandemic.
And then at the start of the pandemic, they said, hey, there's a red thing and we've got this test for it.
But the test was for the green thing.
So they turned the green thing into the red thing with a test and you and me and everybody used the test to find the green thing and called it the red thing.
This is how you would use a background and misconstrue it as spread with a stupid PCR test.
Now the beauty of it is, is if you worked hard enough before the pandemic, you might've also found a purple and a red and a blue and a yellow in the background that was pretty stable.
so that as the pandemic moved on, you could just kind of claim that you were finding new shit, you know?
Like, oh my gosh, Omicron, now it's purple.
And the whole time it's really just a background, an infinitesimally, irreducibly complex background of signals from all the life on Earth, but mostly from bacteria and their bacteriophages, you know, like 70% of it.
In fact, metagenomic sequencing, the technique, was invented by somebody trying to explore the panorama of bacteriophages that coral reefs have to deal with, and that coral reef bacteria deal with, and that coral reef algae deal with, and that they deal with using mucus, just like the mucus in your gut.
And so this story will be told, ladies and gentlemen, it will be told to our kids, and our kids will learn that the pandemic was a complete hoax, but not a complete hoax like, you know, I don't know, somebody as imprecise as Alec Zek could tell you, or Andrew Kaufman.
These frauds will never tell you that there was a expected rise in all cause mortality.
I think I have to restart this slide.
They will never tell you that there was an expected rise in all-cause mortality that they've seen coming since I graduated from high school in 1990.
And that expected rise in all-cause mortality, as it rose up to the top, people were complaining about the fact that, you know, Social Security's gonna go under when all these old people get old.
Medicare's gonna crash when all these old people stop paying taxes.
And they yelled about it and yelled about it and yelled about it until 2017, when Tony Fauci said, hey, hey, hey, relax guys.
You know, it's certain that in this administration, there's gonna be something to deal with, a pandemic.
And so, you know, it's fine.
We got this under control.
And then in 2017, 18, 19, they put people on the internet, you know?
Joe Rogan has already been on sci-fi and then he transitioned into podcasting and they figured out these conversations work great for convincing people of dumb shit.
So why don't we put a bunch of people on the internet before
the pandemic before this big bump actually comes, you know, the anticipated rise in all cause mortality, before it comes, we need to get these people on the internet so that in 2019, in December, we can really have, you know, people like Sam Harris say that, you know, when the next pandemic comes and it's killing 70% of the people on earth, we're not going to have any, any room for anti-vaxxers anymore.
And then when the pandemic started, of course, they recruited a bunch of doctors and other people to make fools of themselves and make fools of us.
And that's where we are in 2025, where anybody that believed in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
or even thought that maybe it's possible that Donald Trump is not a stooge, you guys, we got, but we got fooled big time, but we got fooled by the biggest and most ubiquitous, you know, so most expansive internet-based psychological operation in the history of humankind.
So, you know, yeah, we fell for something pretty bad, but everybody's falling for it.
As I showed you in the introduction, everybody's falling for it.
The people who fell for lockdowns, masks, shots, you know, iPads aren't that bad for my kid.
You know, playing an instrument with this shit on your face makes perfect sense.
Those parents are just as dumb as we were when we fell for Donald Trump.
The trick is, is that right now we're the ones that are looking like fools.
We're the ones that are being made fools of.
And we are the ones who can't see it on social media.
These people think we killed people.
So this anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, of course, as you know, I've told you many times, was sculpted by murder and lies.
And so if you think this man is a hero, if someone you know, someone you love was fooled by him, you go on biologicals where you need to send them.
I think that we can get America out of this by showing our kids that this two-party theater is indeed a theater and that it's elections as they stand right now are irrelevant because it's a national security priority.
And both sides, you know, they're in on it.
So maybe there's election rigging, but they're never going to actually admit that they rig it all the time.
They just want you to believe, you know, that this time it was them or that time it was them or, you know, whatever.
It's always rigged.
That's the way you should see it.
And so Donald Trump, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., anybody that rises into clear view are what I like to call need-to-know basis scripted actors, meaning that they just say what they're said because they aren't even Star Trek fans and they are Star Trek actors.
And so they're not even smart enough to know that the Romulans don't
uh i don't know the Romulans and the Ferengi are not friends i don't even know if those two races are on the same brand of Star Trek but anyway my point is is that it
A person can be on a Star Trek series and be an actor on the series and be a science officer on the series, and if they read and memorize their lines very well, they can say some pretty impressive shit.
But that doesn't mean they know what's going on.
And even if they were a sci-fi fan and could argue about the history of the statement or the background information that motivates them to say it in the way that they say it,
They're still committed to the script and they are still actors.
And they don't care if in the next episode they have to say different stuff.
They'll just practice it, learn the line perfectly, look in the mirror and say it, and then do it on command.
And that's what social media is doing to us.
It is cable TV.
It's not social media.
Podcasts are cable TV.
Scripted bullshit.
Trump might've not even known that he was gonna be fake shot until he was fake shot.
And that's why he's so happy to show you that stupid painting.
Nobody who actually got shot at and lived would make a painting like that and be so lackadaisical about it.
It's ridiculous.
But it's a national security theater for dummies.
That's why it's so ridiculous.
And it's super simple.
It was manslaughter and lies.
And they put a bunch of jackasses on social media to lie about it.
And we're there right now.
That's where we are.
And if we, as the conservative right, whatever that is, I'm on the conservative right, if there is a conservative something or other, we need to wake up and apologize for being here right now.
And the problem is, is that you don't really have to apologize for much because the alternative was Harris, of course.
And so it was a trap.
There was no winning.
You just have to help them see that the trap was for you and me.
You have to help them see that the Harris was part of the trap for you and me.
Otherwise they'd have picked somebody else.
And then maybe your family and friends will start to come around to your side.
Remember, the whole time you need to be eating crow because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is just a Truman show and Donald Trump is not playing 5-D chess.
People are using him to play 5-D chess on us.
Thank you, Mr. Secretary.
What is your message to CDC employees who are concerned that there's a culture that's been created around vaccine skepticism and disinformation?
Well, I mean, my message coming here was to offer condolence to
a family of police officers.
So we're supposed to believe that, that, you know, somebody, I'm not saying that they weren't shot at the CDC, but now he spent a significant amount of time going down there.
We're supposed to believe that the health and human services secretary is doing his job by being on Scripps News Exclusive.
We're supposed to believe that these podcasts are real.
But our family and friends on the left don't see any of this bullshit.
They're not paying attention to it.
This is not the truth getting out, like they say in CHD.
This is not the truth getting out, like they say on the high wire.
This is the truth being permanently hidden and fed to the gullible.
And keep them safe and allow them to do their critical work.
So what is the plan to sort of quell disinformation, misinformation so that something like this doesn't happen again?
Well, you know, I would say that we don't know enough about what the motive was of this individual.
But people can ask questions.
And so now we're trying to figure out why this guy was shot at the CDC and he's on the case.
Come on.
Really?
without being penalized.
And you know, there was attacks on the NFL the other day by a shooter who was concerned that he got a brain injury from playing football.
And nobody blamed the New York Times for spreading that disinformation that football can cause injuries.
What we need to do at our agency is to make sure the public believes in the things that we're saying.
We have to make sure the public believes in the things we are saying.
I think actually he told the truth there.
That's that's pretty good.
Wow.
That we do that is by telling the truth.
And what I'm trying to do with the agency is return it to gold standard science to make sure that anything that we tell the public, we tell the public what we know and what we don't know.
And one of the things that we saw during COVID is that the government was overreaching.
And I hope I am making myself very clear.
It's a need-to-know basis actor.
This is not a genius.
This is not a smart guy.
This is an actor.
And he's allowed to improvise.
So he's a certain kind of skilled actor.
And that's why they had to audition for so long or train for so long.
A lot of these people are very skilled improvisational actors, but they're skilled because they're able to stay on their need-to-know basis script.
That's what makes them qualified to be a national security state actor and work in this theater.
And so he was groomed, he was coached, and he was Truman showed for almost his whole life.
But the people behind him are pretty nasty people because I do believe they're very aware of the lying they're engaged in as part of their job.
And so those people I have very little sympathy for.
And if I name their names and say their names badly, that's because they are in my humble opinion, traitors to my grandkids.
He's effectively now has some random person deciding what is appropriate for the Smithsonian to teach in terms of American history, things that don't offend parts of the MAGA base, right?
So we're now literally reviewing parts of American history and parts of American culture to make sure it comports
with Dear Leader and what the MAGA organization wants.
Can we address some of those things that are in there?
Because have you looked at some of the things that have been reviewed?
Yeah, slavery was a bad thing that was to talk about.
He forgave me for saying that.
He's not whitewashing slavery.
I believe that Julian believes everything that she's doing.
She's very excited to be doing what she's doing.
She loves her job and she probably has some coaches behind her.
And those coaches are the same coaches that if you look at her YouTube channel,
and you go back in its history, you will find random videos made by Jillian and very little change.
She's just working like a YouTuber.
And then suddenly, Vincent Rackin' Yellow.
And I don't know if that podcast didn't work out or it didn't feel right, but that audition didn't get her anywhere.
And then a year later, bing, here comes this Steffenberger clown from California that's been on, you know, Bret Weinstein a lot.
And all those people that have been in that circle started going on her podcast.
And a year and a half later, here she is on CNN and on Piers Morgan and on all these other shows, because that's how this works.
If you pass your audition, they give you a little more complicated script, give you a little more leeway, get you on bigger places, and she's doing great.
And I don't think that she's a bad person.
She's a very, very eager actor.
So he's not?
He's not, no.
Okay.
He's not.
And you cannot tie imperialism and racism and slavery to just one race, which is pretty much what every single exhibit does.
Well, let's talk about the fact that when you... You mean anti-slavery?
Let's talk about the fact... I mean, slavery in America was... Do you realize that only less than 2% of white Americans owned slaves?
It was a system of white supremacy.
Do you realize that slavery is thousands of years old?
Do you know who was the first racist to try to end slavery?
I'm very surprised that you're trying to litigate.
I'm really surprised.
Jillian, I'm surprised that you're trying to litigate
Now, this is again, remember, a national security theater.
You're supposed to feel like they're about to gang up on her.
You're supposed to feel like, but you're not listening to her.
She's just saying that there was slavery before America.
She's just saying that there's a lot of human history before American history started.
She's just trying to point out that it's not our idea.
and this is supposed to feel like that because it's a national security theater with need-to-know bases scripted actors and they think they're dunking on her and she thinks that she's being ganged up on and that is real but this exists because of a military operation because this is for all the marbles this is for the grandchildren of earth
And they need you to surrender your sovereignty.
They need your grandkids to surrender their sovereignty, to wake up without it, to be born without it.
And so, yes, this is a full court press with this nonsense.
Absolutely full court press with people that were elevated, scripted actors.
That's why she's there.
She's bad.
She's not like a Jessica Rose.
She's not like a Meryl Nass.
but she's also not like a Mary Talley Bowden.
This is like a person who really just wants a part.
This is like a Shannon Joy.
What I'm trying to tell you is that in the context of American history, what are you saying is incorrect by saying that it was white people oppressing black people?
is like, oh, no, no, no, this is all because white people bad.
And that's just not the truth.
Like, for example, every single exhibit, I have a list of every single one.
Like, people migrated from Cuba because white people bad.
Not because of Castro.
Yes, no, it's in there.
That's what I'm saying.
You don't actually know what's in there.
Do you know that when you walk in the front door, the first thing you see is a gay flag?
Jillian, you have a lot of stuff in front of you.
What exactly are you talking about?
OK, I'll give you an example.
There's one called Change Your Game, right?
This has been an installation there.
Is gender testing fair in sports?
Does that... And then it goes on to talk about how it's complex to do gender testing in sports.
It's not complex.
It's basic science.
That's untrue.
It's XX chromosome, XY chromosome.
That's sports.
Is it fair?
So you see, we've talked about this before.
It is being set up.
You are being walked into a trap and she's leading you into it.
You're supposed to feel that, but it's a trap.
And we need to make sure that our kids don't fall into this.
We need to make sure that our communities don't fall victim to this.
It is a trap.
to have biological men competing against biological women in sports, no.
But why is this in the Smithsonian?
So it's been completely captured.
First of all, we don't have time to litigate all of this.
Of course we don't, because then you're going to lose the argument.
Everything is racialized, just like you're trying to do to me now.
Excuse me.
I can't believe you're trying to suggest.
Just to be clear, you brought up race.
No.
This was a conversation about the arts, and you brought up race.
It isn't, though.
You brought up... But the whole point of this is that the... You see how this works, right?
It is really bad, ladies and gentlemen, because it doesn't matter if we could argue that better.
It doesn't matter if all of us could hold that ground better, or could have worded it better, or could have just kept our mouths shut.
This is what's happening in the imagination of most Americans.
This is what America is experiencing right now.
I'm not saying everybody in America has seen this, but everyone in America has seen a version of this.
and is seeing versions of this all over their internet because that's how social media works.
And very specifically is being used against the American public.
So if you're outside of America, please understand that, that we're in trouble.
We need help.
We need to be told that we have been fooled.
We need to be shown that we have been fooled because nobody seems to care.
I feel like I'm a cricket inside of a gymnasium.
You brought up, you brought up slavery and you brought up the question of whether, hold on, you brought up the question of whether or not slavery in the United States.
And so now with this, now keep this in context, right?
Because we have Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
going on no name, invisible podcasts, wasting his time and salary doing nothing.
changing nothing.
Doing nothing that anybody that had any knowledge in the health freedom movement thought he was going to do.
And so we must awaken.
This was a con.
And it was a con because none of these people have ever progressed in learning and in understanding and in being able to win.
The anti-vax movement was fake and there's a real reason to be anti-vax.
There's a real reason to be skeptical.
And that's the reason why there was a fake anti-vax movement.
That's why there was a fake health freedom movement.
And that's why these people are now going to be scripted to face plant.
Hello and welcome to The Director's Desk, the podcast where we spotlight the groundbreaking work of the National Institutes of Health and the extraordinary individuals advancing innovation in biomedical research and public health.
Okay, just let me rant for a second here.
Holy sh... What you see and hear in this podcast, please pay a little bit of attention to it.
And I don't mean my podcast, I mean this podcast.
because there are microphones and stands.
And in the reflection, you can see a guy behind the cameras.
And for some reason they have fricking reverb or some kind of echo.
So they're spending taxpayer money to hire people to make a podcast with Jayantabadacharya.
They hired people to produce a podcast for the FDA director and his little sidekick, Vinayak.
This is not governance by professionals.
This is not governance by skilled people with a vision.
This is governance by podcast.
This is governance by scripted frauds.
And we need to get angry about this because the other side can see it.
And we are gonna get it hung around our neck, just like they're gonna hang Israel and Gaza and those war crimes around the right in America and around the Republicans in America and around Donald Trump and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and all these people.
It's coming.
They're gonna hang it on America.
And America, the system, and America, the idea, is essentially going to be attempted to drown in the deepest ocean they can find by tying that around our neck like a millstone.
I believe that with all of my heart.
And so if you wanna get out of this trap, the first thing you're gonna have to do is admit that these fools, somehow or another fooled us.
I have a little bit of an excuse because this guy met me at three different barbecues during COVID and had tacos with me and stuff.
Told me I was great, took selfies.
So I got fooled because they came to my freaking house over and over again.
What's your excuse?
I'm Dr. Jay Bhattacharya, Director of the NIH, and today I'm honored to be joined by Dr. Jeffrey Tabenberger, Acting Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease, also known as NIAID.
Jeff, thank you for coming on the podcast.
Really glad to have you.
Jeffrey Tabenberger Thanks so much.
It's an honor.
Okay, so we should just start with the elephant in the room.
You are sitting as the acting director of NIAID, a position that was once held.
You could do some homework and you could go to the, you know, websites where they show you grants and you could look up this guy's name and you could find out what he does.
But he's about to tell us that, you know, he just does gain of function stuff and in all kinds of things.
And he explains it very badly.
and I don't know how long I'm gonna make it, but I'm gonna watch this for a little while.
By Tony Fauci.
Yes, for about 40 years.
So you were there as a researcher for 20 years, not focused on coronaviruses, but on flu viruses, right?
Right.
I mean, my lab's main interest for about 30 years has been influenza.
And, uh, sorry.
And, uh, you know, but during COVID, uh, you know, like, like most other people, we, we, yeah.
And we, we became kind of a full-time coronavirus lab for a while, but it could actually be because the sound guy just has two rather cheap microphones and they're both on and they're both not very good.
So they pick up the other guy all the time.
And that might be where the reverb comes from.
Well, we still have coronavirus interests.
We're still mainly flu lab and we've done other things.
I'm not sure if this is the suit number one or suit number two.
I guess he only had two suits when he moved to D.C.
We've done some Ebola work and mostly high containment virology.
It looks like Taubenberger only has a couple suits too.
Right.
And what was that like, let's say up until the pandemic?
Yeah, well, that was really fantastic.
I mean, I was recruited to set up a new lab division in the intramural program to focus on pandemic flu and influenza
pathogenesis using state-of-the-art high containment facilities here in a new building on the NIH campus, and it was just really fantastic.
I was first in the Cancer Institute for about six years, and then I was at Walter Reed at the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology for 13 years, and then I have been here now for 20 years.
It's just been interesting because Walter Reed Pathology would have sent its cancer data via a high-speed internet connection to one Wimber Institute set up by Robert Malone, but that's okay.
Great career.
I believe strongly in public service and wanted to give back.
And this was an opportunity to do really unique things using high containment virology that had great labs and great support and great facilities.
So this has been a fabulous place.
So you were free to, like, you had this interesting project on the 1918 flu.
You're working now on a universal flu vaccine with a technology that's, in some sense, old, but also, in some sense, quite innovative.
Yeah.
So, you know, our work on influenza, I didn't start out thinking that we were going to make a vaccine.
Does it sound like Jayanta Bhattacharya is gonna break the pandemic narrative?
Does it sound like Jayanta Bhattacharya is like bucking the system?
Does it sound like Jayanta Bhattacharya is gonna ask any piercing, intelligent questions of this longtime insider and acolyte of Tony Fauci?
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
I don't think so.
I don't think he's going to at all.
Why?
Because he's a scripted actor!
Jayantabadacharya couldn't ask any intelligent questions on my show.
How's he going to ask any intelligent questions to this guy?
He was deferring to me as the biologist when I interviewed him.
So how's he going to ask any smart questions about this flu virologist?
Wow.
Working on influenza was kind of an accident.
It was a fluke.
I picked it up as a hobby project when I was at the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology.
At that point, I was leading a department of what was called molecular genetic pathology, starting in the 90s when... See?
It's almost for sure!
that he was doing genetic stuff on cancer and then sending that data to the frickin winbur institute come on guys this is crazy basically that area of clinical pathology was being invented in which we could instead of just looking at something under the microscope to make a diagnosis of cancer or an infectious disease you know you could actually do genetic tests at pcr southern blot and other things and so
So, we applied that to the kind of way that tissues are always processed standardly, still now, where you have formalin fixed, paraffin embedded, where the sections are cut for a pathologist to look at them under the microscope.
Okay, well, hold on.
This is a family-friendly podcast.
Let's break that down.
What a terrible joke.
This is a family-friendly podcast.
Can you break that down a little bit boy?
I tell you that's the NIH director They hired him for his funniness and that's not actually so silly right because the last guy played music on a freaking guitar at lots and lots of college graduations and stuff so like
It's actually pretty good what he's doing here.
Maybe he's a much better NIH director than I thought.
I'm sorry, Jayanta.
Paraffin embedded.
Embedded.
Paraffin is like candle wax.
Okay.
So what happens in pathology- This guy's name- If you want to look at it- This guy's name is Taubenberger.
It's over there on the far side, but you can't see the T because I put it up there badly.
A piece of tissue under the microscope.
You have to slice it very thinly, about the thickness of a red blood cell, so very, very thin.
And you have to get it on a glass slide, and you have to stain it with dyes to pick up different colors, so that then you can look at it under the microscope.
So this process has been invented, you know, since the mid-19th century, and it's been basically was completely refined by the late 19th century.
And they use something that they call fixatives.
They started with alcohols, and now they use aldehydes.
Be careful there, Misha.
You're going to start sounding like Stu Peters if you're not careful.
Aldehyde or other things.
And it just preserves the tissue.
It kind of stiffens it.
And so you take a little piece of tissue, and you actually embed it in molten wax.
And then you put it on a little kind of bologna slicer.
And you can slice these little sections, and you put those on glass slides, and you stain them with what you want.
And so you can see what happens.
I've done that with brains of mice and rats and monkeys.
I helped somebody with it, but I didn't actually do it.
And you can't make a whole prep of a whole monkey brain.
You do it with a cube.
But with a whole mouse brain, you can do that.
So I've done that microtome work, nice cryotome, that kind of thing.
There's like an infection, for instance, how the cells respond to infection.
Exactly.
So, you know, there are times where, you know, you can make a diagnosis, say, of a certain kind of tumor, a sarcoma or a lymphoma.
you might not be able to understand all the molecular details as we get more toward personalized medicine.
So we can find that there are very specific oncogene mutations or very specific translocations that actually would dictate the kind of therapy that you would want to get.
So it was really useful and very cool, you know, cutting edge stuff.
And I guess it still is cutting edge as advanced.
So, you know, I became a molecular genetic pathologist.
But so in the mid 90s... Molecular genetic pathologist.
He sounds almost like,
Jessica Rose, but real.
We were sitting at an institution that was started by Abraham Lincoln during the Civil War.
It had the largest collection of pathology in the world, samples going back to the Civil War.
And I was trying to think, we have these new fantastic tools that allow us to look at things in a new way that have never been done before.
What could we do to show how cool this technology is?
And so the idea they had, the crazy idea, was that we could find tissues of people who died of the Spanish flu in 1918 that had been preserved for, at that point, 85 years or so, and see if we could use these new molecular techniques to fish out tiny fragments of the virus's genetic material.
Hey, it works.
But they're formalin-fixed, and there's paraffin things, so basically the viruses are dead.
Oh, the viruses are completely dead.
They're blown up into a million pieces.
So there was not any risk of any lab leak or anything like that?
Oh, no.
There was no infectious material at all, and the virus is blown up into teeny tiny, the RNA, into teeny tiny fragments.
But it is really cool to be able to see what was the biological
entity that caused such devastation in 1918?
Yeah.
So the reason we picked that is that I remember just one line in med school, you know, the Spanish flu was really bad, but that's about it.
And I didn't know that much about it.
But as I started reading about it, you become really hooked because it was really devastating.
The scholarship on how many people died around the world keeps going up because the prior accounts starting from the 1920s usually just included the first world and didn't really include the developing world.
And now as we add more, I think a reasonable number of people who died in less than a year's time is about 50 million, maybe 100 million.
out of a population of about 1.8 billion people on the planet.
So there are some... Mark Kulak has a lot to say about, you know, flu numbers.
He's looked into it a little more than this guy apparently has.
And this is pretty extraordinary.
Wow.
Estimates that as many as 17 million people died on the Indian subcontinent.
Really horrible.
More than 40% of U.S.
soldiers that died in World War I of all causes, more than 40% died of Spanish flu.
These are healthy 18 to 25 year old men, most of them in training camps here still in the U.S.
We were just really gearing up to go to the Western Front.
And so it was devastating.
The funny thing was that, or the sad thing,
So they didn't inject anybody in those training camps?
There was no, like, intramuscular injection of stuff in those training camps?
It was just training camps?
That because of the advances of microbiology by 1918, with the germ theory, the advances in even some vaccinations... I just wanted to test it.
This is hot.
This would be the first war where infectious diseases would not be the major killer.
And then nature proved us wrong again.
Now, fast forward today, actually, you're working on a universal flu vaccine.
Right.
So this comes from my strong interest in the Spanish flu.
You know, where did the virus come from and why did it, why was it so bad?
And that led ultimately to sequencing the whole genome using methods then that took us a decade in the lab that I can now replicate in my lab now in about a week and a half.
So 10 years of effort into a week and a half, thanks to technology.
But then we rebuilt the virus to actually make an infectious clone.
And that's where you get into the infectious part where we have to do that.
He said infectious clone very, very, very badly there.
That's actually incredibly interesting to me.
I don't know why he wouldn't pronounce that well.
As a select agent.
Wow, that was interesting.
Select agent means what?
It's a pathogen.
But then we rebuilt the virus to actually make an infectious clone.
And that's where you get into the infectious part.
Did you hear it?
He didn't even say infectious clone.
He said infectious clone.
And then what does Jayanta the scripted actor ask?
Does he say, what's an infectious clone?
He wouldn't want to say that because he heard about that on my stream.
He heard about that at the fricking barbecues, didn't you Jayanta?
Thanks for those invitations, Greg.
It was really nice to meet everybody and meet Jayanta those times and try to explain this stuff to him, including infectious clones that Talbenberger just mentioned kind of
But not really.
then that took us a decade in the lab that I can now replicate in my lab now in about a week and a half.
So 10 years of effort into a week and a half thanks to technology.
But then we rebuilt the virus to actually make an infectious clone and that's where you get into the infectious part where we have to do that as a select agent with a lot of oversight.
Select agent means what?
It's a pathogen identified either as a very significant
A select agent means what?
But he doesn't know what an infectious clone means.
He doesn't know that that could be an industrial size quantity of a relatively pure DNA molecule that would otherwise never be able to exist.
risk pathogen for humans or for animals or plants.
And so the USDA has a list of agents for animals and plants, and the CDC has a list of agents for humans, and then there's some overlap agents.
Ebola, for instance.
Ebola, yes, exactly.
Typically a bird flu in the past, the 1918 flu once it's reconstructed.
Um, you know, and they can only be worked with under very great scrutiny and with a lot of permissions and oversight.
I visited one of the labs that NIH runs.
Uh, it's called a BSL four lab in the Rocky mountain, uh, the Rocky mountain lab in Montana.
And, uh, they, when you wait, look, there's a foreigner at the head of that lab, just like there's a foreigner at the head of us Amer and just like there's a foreigner at the head of DITRA.
That's right.
Nobody talks about that, but Mark Kulak,
work in one of these labs, you're working in a spacesuit, basically.
Right.
So, you know, there are different levels of biocontainment that the U.S.
government helps design.
This is not helping America.
This is not getting justice for any of the Americans that were killed by opioids over the last five years.
It's not getting justice for any of the Americans that were killed in our hospitals.
It's not getting justice for the Americans that never got born.
It's not getting justice for the grandparents that died alone.
It's not getting justice for the grandparents that died alone from their own spouses.
There's no care in the world about that at all for Robert F. Kennedy Jr., for Donald Trump, for Marty McCary, or for this scripted fraud.
And that's how you know that America is in trouble, because a half a million people were killed by opioids, and about 500,000 Americans were murdered in hospitals by supplementary oxygen, lack of antibiotics, remdesivir, midazolam, and overventilation.
So wake up and apologize to those dead people first.
Then maybe we can get on to talking about how some more people had some other things from getting transfected.
Because none of those people would have taken the transfection in the first place if it wasn't for the two years of murder and lies.
That these people still will just say, yeah, it's COVID.
This was the highest, right?
This is the highest level.
And so for influenza, because there are antivirals, because there are vaccines, it doesn't meet the BSL-4 level.
So it's what we call BSL-3 enhanced.
So we don't have to wear the spacesuit, but we wear a full sort of disposable outer Tyvek suit with kind of like a bicycle helmet with a shield, which has a positive.
Okay, I'm stopping.
I'm just gonna show you something and then I'm gonna take the evening Off I'm sorry that I got on so late today.
It's really it was really a failure on my part I had everything ready to go
before basketball and then I didn't.
So I'm getting closer to the 420 all the time or at some point I don't know.
I just wanted to show you this because I thought it was interesting and I think Mark will find it interesting as well although I hope everybody here will find it interesting because again I can't help but feel like we are in one hell of a hamster wheel and
And once you see it as a hamster wheel, then when you look at history, you start to find things and see things as, wait a minute, we've already done this?
And so today I have an example of something that appears to be an indication that we've already done this.
And it is quite pertinent to the little rant that I just went on about what these scripted jackasses aren't saying and will not say, just like Marty McCary and Vinay Prasad won't say, just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and his whole staff of HHS will never say.
His very prestigious ARPA-H CDC director will never say.
That is that murder and lies occurred in America, and that was the pandemic.
Murder and lies in Scotland was the pandemic.
Murder and lies in the UK was the pandemic.
There wasn't as much murder in Africa and that's why there was no pandemic there.
There wasn't as much murder in Australia or in New Zealand or in Japan.
There was murder in America.
So let's just go over here.
This is me.
And I have a Green Arrow from 1971.
And on the cover, it says an important message from the Honorable John V. Lindsay, Mayor of New York.
But the cover is Green Arrow and Green Lantern.
And they are devastated because it's more deadly than the atomic bomb.
And it's got a hypodermic needle on the front, which is really interesting.
Now, don't be disappointed.
I am not going to read this comic right now because it would take a long time and I haven't even read it all yet, but I do know that it's about injected narcotics and about how overdoses can occur if you use the wrong drug.
So here it is.
You're a lousy junkie no better than the rest of those sniveling punks, you see?
So this whole
book 1971 is about injectable narcotics that people are overdosing on now i'm not sure if that's morphine or if that's heroin or what that is they're not very clear about it yet um but it's very very um i just got it in the mail so that's why i haven't read it yet relax there misha i will read
The letter from the message from the mayor of New York, an important message for you, June 21st, 1971.
Mr. Mark Iglesias of the NPP Communications Group, Incorporated, 909 3rd Avenue, New York, New York, 10022.
Dear Iggy, please forgive me for the delayed response to your letter, but many people involved in our efforts to combat drug addiction made circulation of your promotional material a slow process.
As I remarked in my previous letter, your undertaking to impart the horrors of narcotics to our youngsters deserves applause.
So he's complimenting the guy who made this comic, right?
With this excellent opportunity to reach countless numbers of young people through the comic book media, I would like to convey the following message.
The war against drug addiction has become the most important one within our country.
Drugs have risen to the number one spot as the killer of our youngsters in New York City.
We have made this combat our top priority, one that will continue and expand.
horrors of withdrawal, the violence, and the degradation of buying drugs go hand-in-hand with addiction.
We must use every means to alert young people to those horrors, and they must do their part to protect themselves and their friends.
We must all hang together in this fight.
Again, Iggy, I commend you for your project.
Please keep me informed of its progress.
Is it possible
that we've had a health problem of this nature for decades and no one's ever really done anything about it.
Is it possible that this health problem was actually exacerbated as part of the population pyramid managing project known as COVID-19?
Is it possible?
I think it's very possible, ladies and gentlemen.
I think it's almost impossible that this comic book could exist unless that was true.
And it's probably a very good explanation for why this podcast exists.
This awful joke.
Ladies and gentlemen, this endemicity is a myth.
Ladies and gentlemen, PCR was never specific for any particular part of the background.
And placebos made it safe.
Don't use their tests to find their ghosts like Mary Talley Bowden wants you to do.
This is for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen, for the children of Earth, the grandchildren of Earth.
They want the grandchildren to wake up without their sovereignty.
And we need to make it our life's work to make sure that they have it.
Thank you very much for being here.
Sorry I'm late.
I will be here tomorrow again.
I will do five days a week until in the foreseeable future.
Tomorrow's the first day of school for my king sophomore.
He's stressing a lot and I feel bad about that.
So I'm gonna take off a little early today and see if I can help him out by giving him some shit and teasing him and stuff like that about going back to school.
So I'll see you later guys.
Thanks for being here.
Love you very much.
Don't buy the red.
Don't buy the blue hat.
Don't buy the red hat.
Don't buy the red hat, ladies and gentlemen.
I don't have a hat to sell you, but you should buy this hat.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Transfection when healthy humans was a crime.
RNA cannot pandemic and autism is a meaningless word by design.
Make sure you download the app and follow me on PeerTube.
Stream.gigome.bio.
Thanks very much for being here.